Apply consistent set of attributes to metrics and stacks sent in logs (#687)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/advanced-config.md

|-|-|-|
| `SIGNALFX_DISABLED_INTEGRATIONS` | Comma-separated list of disabled library instrumentations. The available integration ID values can be found [here](instrumented-libraries.md). |  |
| `SIGNALFX_RECORDED_VALUE_MAX_LENGTH` | The maximum length an attribute value can have. Values longer than this are truncated. Values are discarded entirely when set to 0, and ignored when set to a negative value. | `12000` |
| `SIGNALFX_TRACE_GLOBAL_TAGS` | Deprecated. Use `SIGNALFX_GLOBAL_TAGS` instead. |  |

> | `SIGNALFX_GLOBAL_TAGS` | Comma-separated list of key-value pairs that specify global tags added to all telemetry signals. For example: `"key1:val1,key2:val2"`. If not set, value of `SIGNALFX_TRACE_GLOBAL_TAGS` is used if set. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SIGNALFX_GLOBAL_TAGS` | Comma-separated list of key-value pairs that specify global tags added to all telemetry signals. For example: `"key1:val1,key2:val2"`. If unset, the value of the `SIGNALFX_TRACE_GLOBAL_TAGS` environment variable is used, if available. |  |
```

What happens if `SIGNALFX_TRACE_GLOBAL_TAGS` is also unset?
